feat(rds): add rds MySQL binlog data source (#4027)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/rds_mysql_binlogs.md

---
subcategory: "Relational Database Service (RDS)"
---

# huaweicloud_rds_mysql_binlogs

> Use this data source to get the list of RDS MySQL binlogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# huaweicloud_rds_mysql_binlog

Use this data source to get the binlog retention hours of RDS MySQL.
```

Author: done

## Example Usage

```hcl
var "instance_id" {}

data "huaweicloud_rds_mysql_binlogs" "test" {

>   instance_id   = var.instance_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instance_id = var.instance_id
```

Author: done
